. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig

ac_add_options --with-default-mozilla-five-home=/usr
ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib

ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-install-strip
ac_add_options --enable-chrome-format=omni
ac_add_options --enable-gio
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --enable-canvas

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
## -cairo causes crashes for some reason
ac_add_options --disable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-pango
ac_add_options --enable-system-svg
ac_add_options --enable-toolkit-cairo-gtk3
ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk3

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-pulseaudio
ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer=1.0

ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-debug-symbols
ac_add_options --disable-skia
ac_add_options --disable-gconf
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-optimize
ac_add_options --disable-cpp-exceptions
ac_add_options --disable-javaxpcom
ac_add_options --disable-parental-controls
ac_add_options --disable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --disable-clang-plugin
ac_add_options --disable-profiling


# PGO
mk_add_options PROFILE_GEN_SCRIPT='EXTRA_TEST_ARGS=10 $(MAKE) -C $(MOZ_OBJDIR) pgo-profile-run'

