1. Welcome
----------

You have joined us on IRC, to get help or to give support to other Frugalware
users. We're sure you have made a good decision :) This document details a few
basic rules that should be followed on IRC. The rules are here so that anyone
can read them.

2. Official
-----------

This means that if you are a developer and have time to join us on IRC, then
you should join there, too. Users don't have the right to speak on the
development channel so the only way to talk with developers if you join there.
Please do so.

3. Frugalware
-------------

The topic of the channel is the Frugalware Linux distribution. You may talk
about other distributions or other topics, but don't expect that others are
familiar with them. For example the following question:

	How can i set up my network to work like it under Gentoo?

is a bit strange, since it's possible that not everyone used Gentoo and
therefore it's possible that we won't be able to help. Instead of that just
describe what you want, like:

	Is it possible to use network profiles so that I can change all my settings
	with one command when i get home from my workplace?

4. Read the linked documentation
--------------------------------

Documentation is written by the developers to save time, once they spent a lot
of time with writing it and then they expect that you read it first before
asking, or at least when you get a link to the answer, you are expected to read
it before asking again. Really. Please do it, and don't be lazy.

5. English
----------

The language of the channel is English. Please don't use other languages so
that everyone will understand what you say. There are Hungarian and French
channels named #frugalware.hu and #frugalware.fr. Feel free to inform us if
there are other non-English channels.

6. Paste
--------

The speed of IRC is slow. If you want to copy-and-paste big amount of data
(typically more than 5 lines), then please use our Pastebin, which is available
at http://frugalware.org/paste.

7. I'm new to Frugalware and...
-------------------------------

You have general questions, since you're about to install Frugalware for the
first time, but first you would like to get some of your questions answered. No
problem, but first please read the about page, you can reach it here:
http://frugalware.org/about

8. Is mxw_ a bot?
-----------------

Yes, it is. It informs users about new binary packages, manages rights on the
channel and so on. If you want a new feature to be implemented then feel free
to request it at http://bugs.frugalware.org/.

9. Bouncers, leaving your client online when you're away
--------------------------------------------------------

That's not a problem, but please keep in mind the followings: if you are away
then you should be able to read back the lines when you were highlighted. If
this is not possible then it's better to quit from the channels, since we think
that we're talking to you while we're talking with /dev/null. Also if you're
online and you have been highlighted and asked, please try to answer. If you
have no time, then a simple

	alex: i don't have time atm to answer, sorry

is enough. So that he won't wait for your answer.

10. Private messaging
---------------------

Please do _not_ /msg users unless you asked about it and you're allowed. This
is a support channel: you ask in the channel and who have time / knowledge to
answer, he/she will. That the fastest way, beleive us.

You should also know that some of us (voroskoi, vmiklos, maybe others too) set
up their clients to ignore msgs on freenode, so you talk to /dev/null when you
/msg to us.

10. Offtopic
------------

Talking about non-Frugalware topics (or even non-Linux) is okay, as long as
this doesn't prevent others from talking about Frugalware. We are a community,
maybe you want to share other ideas, but don't make it impossible for other to
get help.

11. Logging
-----------

This is not a secret, the channel is logged and public, the logs are linked
from the homepage, and the main goal: Google searches in them. If you hate
this, then the best is not to join ;-)
